In 1948, a heated battle was underway in Texas for the second senate seat. In the Democratic primary, Coke Stevenson had a wide lead against his competitors and in a blue state, winning the primary was as good as winning the seat. As the previous governor of Texas, Stevenson was well regarded throughout Texas and drew mass appeal from his down-to-earth, cowboy persona. But, one of his opponents in the primary was none other than Lyndon B Johnson.
Despite a well-funded campaign backed by wealthy donors, Johnson was quite far behind in the polls. That was the case, at least, until he went one step beyond the others.
He commissioned a helicopter and started flying six days a week, hitting dozens of rural towns each day. Delivering his stump speech, Johnson drew crowds far larger than any that Stevenson had managed to muster throughout the entire course of the primary.
Johnson’s bold strategy paid off in a big way - it turned his whole campaign around.
His helicopter tour became known as the “Johnson City Windmill” and rural votes for the primary swayed increasingly in Johnson’s favor. After the ballots were counted and the dust had settled, Johnson emerged victorious and sealed the Texas senate election. From there, he went on to become the vice president, and eventually, the 36th president of the United States.
Our mission is to build that helicopter for each one of our clients. We’re a team of ex-YC writers that delivers growth through premium content.
We work with companies that have an existing product and well-defined identity. We supercharge their growth through case studies, newsletters, documentation, and general blog posts. Whether it’s driving volume to top-of-funnel, enabling sales, or engaging existing customers, we use content to create incredible results.
We produce everything ourselves, in-house, because we take pride in high quality material that you can rely on. We don’t subscribe to churning out fluff pieces packed with SEO keywords. We care way more about packaging valuable information into something that you’re proud to show to your customers and even your parents.